README.md, before:

![Cape wine logo](assets/images/cape-wine-logo.JPG)





Welcome lucyrush,

This is the Code Institute student template for Gitpod. We have preinstalled all of the tools you need to get started. You can safely delete this README.md file, or change it for your own project.

## Gitpod Reminders

To run a frontend (HTML, CSS, Javascript only) application in Gitpod, in the terminal, type:

`python3 -m http.server`

A blue button should appear to click: *Make Public*,

Another blue button should appear to click: *Open Browser*.

To run a backend Python file, type `python3 app.py`, if your Python file is named `app.py` of course.

A blue button should appear to click: *Make Public*,

Another blue button should appear to click: *Open Browser*.

In Gitpod you have superuser security privileges by default. Therefore you do not need to use the `sudo` (superuser do) command in the bash terminal in any of the backend lessons.

## Updates Since The Instructional Video

We continually tweak and adjust this template to help give you the best experience. Here are the updates since the original video was made:

**April 16 2020:** The template now automatically installs MySQL instead of relying on the Gitpod MySQL image. The message about a Python linter not being installed has been dealt with, and the set-up files are now hidden in the Gitpod file explorer.

**April 13 2020:** Added the _Prettier_ code beautifier extension instead of the code formatter built-in to Gitpod.

**February 2020:** The initialisation files now _do not_ auto-delete. They will remain in your project. You can safely ignore them. They just make sure that your workspace is configured correctly each time you open it. It will also prevent the Gitpod configuration popup from appearing.

**December 2019:** Added Eventyret's Bootstrap 4 extension. Type `!bscdn` in a HTML file to add the Bootstrap boilerplate. Check out the <a href="https://github.com/Eventyret/vscode-bcdn" target="_blank">README.md file at the official repo</a> for more options.

--------

Happy coding!

Commit message:

Cape Wine intro and User Sories added to README

README.md, after:

![Cape wine logo](assets/images/cape-wine-logo.JPG)

#Cape Wine

Cape Wine is a travel site which encourages both local and international Cape Winelands visitors to discover new places. 
This site makes use of the Google Maps API to allow wine lovers to filter by drinking or wine tasting, wine farm restaurants and places to stay for a few nights in the Cape Winelands. 
The Cape Winelands is one of the most beautiful areas in South Africa, with the rugged mountains, and practically untouched countryside.
The aim of this site is to show users the options available to locals and tourists when visiting the Cape Winelands


#User stories

-As a user, I want to be able to learn more about the Cape Winelands
-As a user, I want to be able to discover where would be a nice place to drink wine, eat food and stay. 
-As a user, I want to be able to contact the site owner if I need more information. 
-As a user, I want to be able to easily see a list of options in a table and find out more information on these places located in the Cape Winelands
-As a user, I expect to be able to access the website from any device.
-As a user I expect any information on the website to be displayed in a clear & concise way
-As a user, I expect to find information on the website quickly and effectively.
-As a user, I expect to be able to find out more information about the company.
-As a user, I expect to be able to read reviews from customers.
-As a user, I expect to be able to get in contact with the site owner for any reason
-As a user, I expect to be able to gain additional information on this site owner


Welcome lucyrush,

This is the Code Institute student template for Gitpod. We have preinstalled all of the tools you need to get started. You can safely delete this README.md file, or change it for your own project.

## Gitpod Reminders

To run a frontend (HTML, CSS, Javascript only) application in Gitpod, in the terminal, type:

`python3 -m http.server`

A blue button should appear to click: *Make Public*,

Another blue button should appear to click: *Open Browser*.

To run a backend Python file, type `python3 app.py`, if your Python file is named `app.py` of course.

A blue button should appear to click: *Make Public*,

Another blue button should appear to click: *Open Browser*.

In Gitpod you have superuser security privileges by default. Therefore you do not need to use the `sudo` (superuser do) command in the bash terminal in any of the backend lessons.

## Updates Since The Instructional Video

We continually tweak and adjust this template to help give you the best experience. Here are the updates since the original video was made:

**April 16 2020:** The template now automatically installs MySQL instead of relying on the Gitpod MySQL image. The message about a Python linter not being installed has been dealt with, and the set-up files are now hidden in the Gitpod file explorer.

**April 13 2020:** Added the _Prettier_ code beautifier extension instead of the code formatter built-in to Gitpod.

**February 2020:** The initialisation files now _do not_ auto-delete. They will remain in your project. You can safely ignore them. They just make sure that your workspace is configured correctly each time you open it. It will also prevent the Gitpod configuration popup from appearing.

**December 2019:** Added Eventyret's Bootstrap 4 extension. Type `!bscdn` in a HTML file to add the Bootstrap boilerplate. Check out the <a href="https://github.com/Eventyret/vscode-bcdn" target="_blank">README.md file at the official repo</a> for more options.

--------

Happy coding!
